just a marketing strategy when you just wanna cook for them, you're screwed I'm a nice guy and by that I mean I am a quiet girl with iron fists. Love is for people who tried to kill themselves too many times. Cool thing about me is I will obsess&pine knowing I have no say in yr life. I'll just suffer if you need me 25 Signs Yr Not As Interesting As You Think! • people say yeah a lot when you talk • you reply to texts too fast • you cry when you drink I want to be your boyfriend I want to plaster a collage of your eye rolls on my bedroom wall. You and me baby ain't nothing but mammals so let's do it like they do in old sidewalks "I felt so bad cause I didn't know how to pretend like we've never kissed. If love is a battlefield then hate must be a war zone. Only a moonlit pass could bring me to you, across desert and mountains, through snow and highway traffic, slow and loud; your hips, good god My mom always told me not to talk to you because I'm afraid I'm your biggest trigger. Dante I made her read back to me. The sun is HUGE and I got scared bc there are no mountains in the distance like normal I thought I heard the birds talking. Something about anchorage You're not cute enough to ignore me. Please someone help me It's 6am I'm drunk my guilt is a cannibal Honestly if you have nothing to lose just completely lose yourself in someone else Honestly if you have nothing to lose just completely lose yourself in someone else Hello. I need a gorgeous and mildly educated female to pine over. If every girl talked to me like customer service. Often feel like Lana Del Rey because I'm always getting in the pool and By the time you read my letter you will have missed your last chance to kiss me. By the time you read my letter you will have missed your last chance to kiss me. By the time you read my letter you will have missed your last chance to kiss me. Sometimes I want to encase you in cement and let your body rot inside until everyone stops calling you missing and starts calling you art. What's wrong, cute girl got your tongue? You haven't been touched in months but you write like you have, and that's how I know I was unpleasant last night. Guys who cry Daddy Issue to girls with a brain: not all girls that care about, uh idk, themselves, have some deep rooted issue you joke abt If your twitter is dedicated to SHOCK! and OFFENSE! and DESENSITIZATION! I just assume you've never been laid and listen to bad music. I like when guys are gross and they say "I'm only a man" or "you don't get it bc you're a girl" nah you're a little boy and I'm perverted af God, men are idiots. My heart is made of broken clocks. You're not in love, you're insane. This is your brain on drugs *looks for an egg* This is your brain on drugs *stares at
